Today Seems Like to a Good Day to Burn a Bridge or Two
From A Beautiful Disaster by 311

02:30 AM

I am sick today. 
I woke up with a stuffy nose. 
I actually couldn't sleep in the first place 
because I felt sick the day before. 
I guess that's what they call as malaise. 
I have been staying up late until 3pm just to wait 
for parcels to get delivered. 
I also think that I have been lax in wearing my 
facial mask since I wanted to show off my glorious 
beard.
I've impulsively bought an office chair that was on
sale. It was originally for eight thousand pesos and 
it was up for sale for around two thousand pesos.
That's including shipping.
I've been dreading getting sick since November. 
I hate the paper work associated with it especially
when it's critical working days for Amazon.
I even mulled going there at 3 AM but that would
 mean me being selfish and getting other people sick.
Anyways, I decided not to go and take care of myself. 
I'm currently waiting for my porkchops and hotdogs
to thaw. 
I'm going to make scrambled eggs also since I don't
 want to make the onions and garlic to go to waste.

I also decided to work on my projects.
Start the year right by starting the two days early,
I figured.
I have a new phone and I've been dreading putting up 
Git on it. 
Right now I'm on my Thinkpad x260 and started this 
thought repository. 
I figured that I can also flex my old git muscles by 
using git in a non-traditional way. 

Just my thoughts. No audience. Just me. 

Break

02:46 AM

Got distracted. 
Instead of cooking I was just browsing Reddit.
So I installed the Reddit app. 
I have, however, retained the Redreader app since it 
doesn't autoplay videos and also has the chat 
function disabled. 

Anyways, I need to cook. Wish me luck.

Break

03:05 AM

I'm currently listenting to Procupine Tree. 
Thank you Spotify. 
I wouldn't have heard of this band without it.

Currently waiting for my brown rice to come through 
the microwave. 
3 minutes on high.
I wonder if the resistant starch would still take 
effect if I do that ...
Done a quick Google search and it seems that the 
scientific name for this is "starch retrogradation"
which increases resistant starch content. 
And it seems that reheating it lowered glycemic 
response compared with with freshly cooked rice. 

Whatever that means.

Break

03:42 AM

It's time to eat the frog. 

Going to conenct my Xiaomi Mi 13T to my Github 
repository.

I hope my old brain muscles are still up to it.

Break

03:56 AM

So I've successfully set up Git.

That wasn't so bad. 

Now let me check if it's best to clone or to push 
an existing repository from the command line
for 'thoughts' and 'code' repository.

Break

04:06 AM

So I'm no on my 13T. 

I've made some edits on the text to make it phone
friendly. 

I've used the "code clone" funcction for git.

The other method didn't work out for me.

Let me end this thought and try the add/commit/push
function.

See you on the other side.

Break


04:10 AM

It works now. I guess I should include the code
repository. 

Or should I make a new one?

I hate trying to pickup up old projects. 
I know I can pick up on it fast but 
it just reeks of disappointment 
and failure to fully commit. 

ADHD sucks.

Anyways, I should look up that Strattera medicine
I found on Shoppee. 

Break

04:41 AM

Bit the bullet and ordered 3 - 12 packs of 
Atomexitene. 

That should last me a month. 

Found it on Shoppee and got it or 760php.
I paid using Spaylater. 
I figured my future me will deal with it later.
Hopefully, he'll thank me for this impulsive buy.
I hope it's the best impulse buy I have ever bought.
I hope.

Break


04:58 AM

On to the next project.

My old Xiaomi Note 10 Lite has a small problem.
I cannot seem to go to Orange Fox Recovery upon 
boot up. 
I have already tried multiple times and it seems
that it only literally flashes and is on a boot loop
The plan now is to relearn how to us ADB but this 
time on Linux. I learned how to install and use it
on Windows. It was straightforward, as much as I 
hate to admit it. 

But here goes.

Break

05:36 AM

So I managed to learn how to use the ADB Fastboot software in Linux. 
Apparantely it's already installed.
Maybe from my previous attempts.
The difference between Linux and Windows is that
I can call on ADB fastboot whichever folder my rom or recovery
is currently located. 

Anyways, so after several attempts in flashing
TWRP instead of OrangeFox Recovery on my old phone. 
It finally went through but it seems that it's still
giving me the trouble. It's still literally blinking
and won't get me to the main part of the program itself.

I'm now thinking that maybe I should flash the old
vanilla rom and recovery on this one and close out the
bootloader. 

Thinking.

Break 

05:57 AM

Downloading the vanilla rom/recovery. 
Let's close out this loophole.
Anyways, it seems that it'll take some time to download
an old 2020 file. 

What should I do next?

Anyways. 

Bumping Kanye West right now 

I think I'll prepare my next batch of brown rice.

To-do list: Buy black rice next time. 
I get hungry was faster on brown rice.

Break

07:00 AM

So I just realized that I haven't been keeping up
with my Monthly commuter expenses with Amazon.
That's a month and a half worth of transport refunds.
I should remember to post December's other half
on Jan. 1, 2024. 

While doing so. I forgot I had the water on to 
fill up the water filter. 

That's hyperfocusing for you.
A month and a half of procrastination done within 10 minutes
Uninterupted 10 minute hyprfocus.

That's ADHD tax for you.

Break

Went upstairs to my room to get a soup packet but
saw the glaring source of my allergies. 
The wall fan has been left unclean since I 
got this small room like a hermit crab.

Anyways, I had to dismantle the removable parts
and went down with the fan.

I forgot the soup packet. So I did a quick return
and put the soup packet on top of the pile of parts.

I also got the tiny broom and dry brushed off the
clumps of dust still clinging to the fan. But I 
realized that a perfect sunrise was waiting for me.
That was around 07:10 AM.
I put the pile down and praised the sun.

I was also looking at the current research for the 
Vitamin D and sunlight connection. It was a bit 
conflicting. Some say around twice of 30 minutes
within 7AM to 9AM while another says the optimum
time was 10AM to 3PM. Can't really figure out which
one to choose but I figure the 7AM schedule hurts
less and is far easier on my schedule for my 
Tue-Wed schedule.

Anyways. I took shadow portraits for the duration 
while listening to Kanye West.

Once the 30 minutes timer was up I went and 
continued with the dry dusting and then filled up
the wash basin with detergent.

That's when I saw a cat with a collar on it's neck.
It looked nice chilling on the wall so I took
a lot of pictures. 

Must be nice just chilling out in the open. 
Knowing someone owns you yet doing your own thing.
Must be nice.

Anyways. Once done. I left the parts to air dry
and proceeded to cook the hotdog I left for around 
4 hours thawing. It didn't went bad it was soggy.
I should remember not to do that again.

I continued with cooking with my soup and made it
extra spicy since I couldn't smell anything.

Midway through the meal, I couldn't finish my
hotdogs and rice and just went with the soup. 
It's not much but I included frozen vegetables,
a bulb of red onion, and 4 cloves of garlic.

In retrospect I should've minced the garlic.

I need to figure out how to get a medical cert
after this. 

But first I need to let my body figure out how
to heal thyself.

Break

12:09 PM

I am now in my bed.
Ready to sleep. 
I just realized that my stuffy nose and 
postnasal drip seema to really be allergy
related.
So I am back to my melatonin+ceterizine wombo combo.

Goodnight.
