04:13 AM

Woke up early but still sick. 
I looked up my paid sick leave and I still got 1 left.
Might as well take it than risk getting others sick.
I slept again as soon as I sent a SL ticket. 

When I went downstairs at 3 AM I found my brown rice
in a funky state. ADHD tax, again. 
I am now considering buying white rice at the break 
of dawn.

It's December 31 and I've got a holiday leave. 
The cerveza negra is cold. 
I'm going to make spaghetti later. 
Maybe the sardine variety or the pork. 
I'll leave that to my future self. 

Anyways, I need to break my fast. Ramen is in order.

Break

06:09 AM

So I've figured out the reason why I've been having this 
bad pimple breakout on my forehead. Apparently it seems 
the culprit is Celetque. To be specific, it's the 
cleanser (with abrasive microplastics), toner, and moisturizer.
The pimple spot corrector is safe since I've been using that
for so long. 

So I've beend doing damage control with my skin. 
I bought the light blue Cetaphil which was my previous 
skin care product. Which reminds me. This problem started
when I bought the Cetaphil for oily skin. I had a pimple due
to that. So I switched to the Celeteque witout the 
microplastic which left my face clean and pimple free but 
a tad too dry. I then encountered a sale from Shopee for
Celeteque, DermaRepublic, The Ordinary  and that went downhill from there. 
And by that I meant I didn't let my skin adjust one by one.
I introduced all variables way too fast for me to know which
one is giving me this pimple break outs.

Anyways, I'm now using the Cetaphil light blue (not the blue, 
and apparently there's a differece) for cleanser. I don't know
yet if a serum acts as a moisturizer but now I'm using 
DermaRepubliq's serum as a moisturizer. I read somewhere it 
helps reduce inflammation. I guess my pimple breakouts could
be considered as inflammations since they were red and hot
to the touch. The last one on my list would then be to use 
celeteque's pimple corrector. 
Good thing about my skin is that I don't scar. Which is a good 
thing since I failed to mention that I usually remove pimple
cysts using a alcohol sanitize box cutter blades. Slit, push, 
pop, wipe, and sanitize. Let the the pimple clot. Blemish should
be gone in a week. 

Good thing I'm a guy. Nobody fucking cares what I do with my face.

It's morning now, I need to buy white rice for a change. 

Break

07:05 AM

Did a quick inventory check. Found red tomatoes and quickly thought
I'd make ground pork tacos later. 
So when I went to the taboan, I found Ganador rice which was 
the most expensive and from what i remember also the best rice
I could buy within the locality. 
Also bough lemoncitos for the Philips water filter which was giving off
basic (literal) water. And I needed to spruce it up a bit. 
I also bough lettuce, onions, and garlic. There's already white
garlic within the refrigerator. 

Ooops. Got to go. Need to get my sunlight for the day. 

Break

09:45 AM

Lots of doom scrolling. 

Anyways. While I was cooking the Ganador rice, I'm reminded as to why
I started looking for alternative 'staple' food. The first one I laid 
my eyes on was white corn grits. Which in turn became yellow corn grits,
then brown rice, then to black rice. Of the four alternative grains
I heavily favor yellow corn grits for the price and the texture. Next
is black rice but it's expensive as fuck. Then yellow. Then brown. 
Now I'm back to white rice I realize how polished it was which in turn
reminded of the time my mother and aunt in law were discussing that
some 'pretty' white rice are plastic. 

Wish me luck on this one.

*Aside: I tried to quantify the first knuckle on water on rice thing
and it seems it's 1:1.5 for this small rice cooker.*

Anyways. Defrosted the meats and I should go to Shopwise

My task paralysis for this very moment is whether I should take a shower
or not before going to Shopwise. 

Quite a dilemma. I'm leaning more into not showering and just do a face
wash.

I'm known for my compromising nature.

Break

01:14 PM

So I've been busy ince essentially 12 PM is my AM. 
I should be sleeping right now.

So I've been to Shopwise and it wasn't so bad. I guess the mall down the street
would've been a nightmare for someone like me. Way too many people
with overtly loud Christmas music. 

While I was trying to find one packet of taco seasoning.
I realize mid grocery that my next food fixation should be burritos.
Don't ask my why I decided on that. I just do. 
Going back to the taco seasoning, I found the only one packet within 
the spice section. That's a weird thing. I know Filipinos
aren't a taco eating kind but I wonder why there was only one
left on that particular aisle.

Anyways I survived that grocery run with no fanfare.

At the apartment, I quickly cooked the ground pork I bought last week
which I wanted to cook as spaghetti. But I realized that it wouldn't 
pair well with my stock of beer. 

As I was cooking the pork, I was prepping the vegetables. 
I realized that I was way may more into the broken tipped chef knife
instead of the santoku knives. I don't know why but I think it's the 
way I have resharpened the chef knife. It just glides through everything
I throw at it. I think I need to reprofile the santoku knife similar to 
the chef knife. Maybe I can recreate the cutting magic on that one. 

I couldn't find any taco shells at Shopwise so I bought
soft wraps good for burritos. 
I'm now thinking if I should buy a small crock pot slow cooker for me 
to play with for carnitas cooked in cerveza negra the way I used to.

I did my thing with the food prep but then I realized that I didn't 
research on how to do a proper way of filling up the wrap the burrito 
way. Anyways, I was very hungry for my midnight snack so I decided to 
forgo any research and just wing it. The result was that I overfilled
and made it like a oversized taco shell. Not that I'm complaining.
I still ate.  (heh, misusing hood phrases)

I poured the San Miguel Wheat beer and immediately thought two things.
My pour game is bad. The beer was half and the beer foam was half.  
This looks like that milky Mountain Ale from that Turning Wheels place.
I took some pictures and thought the foam should be nice for my gut.
There's no carbon dioxide to trapped on it due to the foam, 
I guess. (Reasons).

Tasted it for a bit and really does taste like Mountiain Ale aforementioned
And as I've read from Czech pouring techniques that they deliberately 
pour it to be foamy, not just to free the bubbles but also to make it
light and 'milky'. A drink light enough to drink before going to bed. 
It's even called "The Mliko".

Anyways, it's past my bedtime. I need to clean up, drink my medicine and
melatonie. Home I wake up later with beer in the combo. 

I was chatting my cousin-in-law to ask permission to use the terrace
on her room so that I can see the fireworks. But she mentioned that 
it'd be far less 'sadder' to go to SM Seaside. 

I forgot the car was at my disposal for the holidays. 

I'll sleep on it.

01:37 PM

Goodnight

 

